hello everybody welcome to smoothies
kitchen today let's make crispy fried
onion rings
they are flavorful they are very easy to
make and they are quick I get so many
requests from my viewers asking for
quick appetizers and quick recipes quick
snack ideas so here you go
perfect quick recipe for you all for the
evening snack time so let's quickly run
through the ingredients and start the
recipe so we will need 3/4 cup of
all-purpose flour or maida quarter cup
of corn flour or corn starch quarter
teaspoon of garlic powder you can even
use fresh grated garlic half teaspoon of
red chili powder or you can adjust
according to your taste chaat masala
quarter teaspoon 1/8 teaspoon of baking
soda salt to taste 1/2 cup of yogurt
well beaten 2 medium sized onions cut in
rings one cup of panko breadcrumbs or
any crisp bread crumbs you also need oil
for deep frying I'm going to start by
cutting them into 1/4 inch thick slices
don't make them very thick pieces
otherwise they don't taste good tip will
be raw from inside and they'll be
undercooked
and then separate the rings just like
that and do the same thing with our
dough onion is extra onion pieces you
can use them while preparing your
curries or any dishes let's start by
preparing the batter
sing ball we'll add in the all-purpose
flour maida
cornstarch corn flour chili powder
baking soda to make them nice and fluffy
and some salt to taste we'll add just
about a tablespoon of breadcrumbs into
the batter and we are going to make a
batter using yogurt just add little bit
of yogurt at a time until you get a nice
thick pouring consistency batter if
needed I'm going to add some water and
make a thick batter along with 1/2 cup
of yogurt I'm going to use what a cup of
water mix everything together until very
well combined forgot to add in some
garlic powder so just touch of garlic
powder goes in you can even use fresh
grated garlic mix well do not over mix
it this is perfect the batter is ready
I'm going to add about a tablespoon of
all-purpose flour into a mixing bowl and
I'm going to add these rings into the
flour cover this up and shake this very
well so that the onion rings are very
well coated with the flour now dip the
onion rings into the batter and coat
them with the bread crumbs I'm going to
transfer them onto the wire rack and
we'll repeat the same process with the
remaining rings
now let's start by heating up the oil
I'm going to heat it on medium oil looks
nice and hot I'll drop the bread coated
onion rings into the oil and we'll fry
them till they are nice and golden now
they are perfectly golden I'm going to
take them onto a paper towel now let's
do a simple batch of fried onion rings
so first I'll dip them into the batter
one by one and then we'll drop into the
oil slowly from the side just be very
careful while you're doing this
now they look golden and crispy I'm
going to remove them on your paper towel
now for the extra zing when they're
still hot I'm going to sprinkle some
chaat masala that gives them very good
to it serve them hot with ketchup or
Oz's or you can even serve them with any
dip of your choice I hope you enjoyed
watching today's recipe give this one a
try
and make sure that you get subscribed to
through this kitchen for more such yummy
recipes follow us on Facebook and in the
social media thanks for watching guys
take care bye
you